feat: multi-language support docs (#40)
onecx/docs-guides-ui: docs/modules/angular/pages/cookbook/multi-language/multi-language.adoc

= OneCX Multi-language Translations

:idprefix:
:idseparator: -
:user_service: xref:libraries/angular-integration-interface.adoc#user-service
:onecx_compatible_application: xref:cookbook/migrations/vanilla-to-onecx/index.adoc
:multi_language_setup: xref:cookbook/multi-language/multi-language-setup.adoc
:multi_language_usage: xref:cookbook/multi-language/multi-language-usage.adoc

[#overview]
== Overview
In OneCX multi-language support is available via translations using `@ngx-translate` library.

> {onecx_compatible_application}[OneCX compatible application]:
> 
> * can setup multi-language translation to support more than 1 language for the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {onecx_compatible_application}[OneCX compatible application] can be set up for multi-language translation to support multiple languages in the application.
```
